collection_requirements: add list of accepted licenses (#141)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.rst

:Non code content: At the moment, these must also be under the `GPL-3.0-or-later       
                   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html>`_.

These guidelines are the policy for inclusion in the Ansible package and are in addition to any
licensing and legal concerns that may otherwise affect your code.

.. _accepted_licenses:

> Accepted licenses

Reviewer: There are licenses that current collections use that aren't even on this list. I don't particularly want the Ansible community to be responsible for keeping a specific list of licenses. I think referring to the FSF GPL compatibility list instead of or in addition to the general Fedora and Debian Free Software license lists is the best bet.

Reviewer: The FSF list I mentioned is the one @leogallego brought up in https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues/252#issuecomment-1642051617.

:Non code content: At the moment, these must also be under the `GPL-3.0-or-later       
                   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html>`_.

Use `the list of licenses from gnu.org
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses>`_ to find which licenses are

> compatible with the GPLv3+. The license must be considered open source on both the gnu.org license

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this rather say
```suggestion
compatible with the GPLv3+. The license must be considered open source and compatible with GPLv3+ on both the gnu.org license
```
? That we want this is implicit from the previous sentence, but we never spelled it out explicitly. (Just being "open source" isn't enough.)

Author: SGTM, thanks!

> Use `the list of licenses from gnu.org
> <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses>`_ to find which licenses are
> compatible with the GPLv3+. The license must be considered open source and compatible with GPLv3+ on both the gnu.org license
> list and the `Debian Free Software Guidelines <https://wiki.debian.org/DFSGLicenses>`_ to be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can refer to the following resources for license information:
*  `table of licenses from the Fedora Project
<https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/legal/allowed-licenses/>`_ is a good general list.
* `list of licenses from gnu.org
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses>`_ specifies which licenses are
compatible with the GPLv3+.
* the `Debian Free Software Guidelines <https://wiki.debian.org/DFSGLicenses>`_ is another popular list.
The license must be compatible with GPLv3+ and considered open source on both the Fedora and Debian lists to be
```

Author: @acozine thanks for the suggestion!
I think this changes the proposal most people have already voted on.
Let's finish with this as is. We can continue working on improving this in following topics / PRs.

Reviewer: This looks good to me, but I'd word the last sentence as

> Collections MUST use licenses that are compatible with GPLv3+ and considered open source on both the Fedora and Debian lists.
